Release 0.4.0 (#2105)
scala-native/scala-native: docs/changelog/0.4.0.md

special and language specific casing rules. Further one requires linking implementation for `Locale`. 

## Summary
<table>
<tbody>
  <tr>
    <td>Merged PRs</td>
    <td align="center">196</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Closed issues</td>
    <td align="center">191</td>
  </tr>
    <tr>
    <td>Contributors</td>
    <td align="center">15</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
</tbody>
</table>

[Full Changelog](https://github.com/scala-native/scala-native/compare/v0.4.0-M2...v0.4.0)

Scala Native is an optimizing ahead-of-time compiler and lightweight managed runtime designed specifically for Scala. 
It is developed at the [Scala Center](https://scala.epfl.ch/) and with the help from [VirtusLab](https://virtuslab.com)
along with contributors from the community.

## TL;DR

Check out the documentation at [https://scala-native.readthedocs.io/](https://scala-native.readthedocs.io/en/latest)

* **Not backward compatible with previous releases**,
* Added Scala 2.12 and 2.13 support,
* Added Native JUnit tests plugin,
* Allowed for cross compilation using custom target triple
* In sbt config `NativeConfig` replaces spare set of `NativeX` key settings,

> * Added new Garbage Collector - Concurrent Mark and Pararrell Sweep Garbage Collector, called Commix,

Reviewer: Spelling of `Parallel`.

Author: Ahhh, again the same typo. 

Yes, I think they would be merged before release

> # 0.4.0 (Jan 14, 2021)

Reviewer 2: Ah, this should be changed to Jan 19, so that I can publish tomorrow.

registerCallback { (n: CInt) => println("hello native") }
```

It's now also possible to work with an arbitrary pointer and convert it to `CFuncPtrN` that can be called in your Scala code
or to convert your function to any pointer if your native library needs this.

```scala
import scala.scalanative.unsafe.Ptr
val cFnPtr: CFuncPtr0[CInt]    = ???
val fnPtr: Ptr[Byte]           = CFuncPtr.toPtr(cFnPtr)
val fnFromPtr: CFuncPtr0[CInt] = CFuncPtr.fromPtr[CFuncPtr0[CInt]](fnPtr)
```

### Other breaking changes:
* Sbt 0.13.x is no longer supported - upgrade to 1.1.6 or newer.
* The minimal version of Clang working with Scala Native is now 6.0
* `CSize` is now unsigned numeral type
* Usage of signed numeral types for methods expecting `CSize` was deprecated. 

## New features

### Supported Scala versions
We added support for Scala 2.12.13 and 2.13.4, in addition to the existing support for 2.11.12. 

### JUnit Support
Scala Native now comes with JUnit support out of the box, this means that you can write tests in the same way you would do
for a Scala/JVM or Scala.js project. To enable JUnit tests all you will need to do is to add the two following lines to your `build.sbt`.

```scala

> addCompilerPlugin("org.scala-native" % "junit-plugin" % SNVersion cross CrossVersion.full)
> libraryDependencies += "org.scala-native" % "junit-runtime" %%% SNVersion % "test"

Reviewer 3: Have you considered `nativeVersion.value` here?
```suggestion
addCompilerPlugin("org.scala-native" % "junit-plugin" % nativeVersion.value cross CrossVersion.full)
libraryDependencies += "org.scala-native" % "junit-runtime" %%% nativeVersion.value % "test"
```

Reviewer: How do you get `nativeVersion.value`?

Reviewer 3: @ekrich `nativeVersion` is [generated by the Scala Native sbt plugin](https://github.com/scala-native/scala-native/blob/783dda1b38abea77509e52b68b0f1b55089b288a/sbt-scala-native/src/main/scala/scala/scalanative/sbtplugin/ScalaNativePlugin.scala#L15).
I wrote `nativeVersion.value` first because I didn't remember correctly.

```

### Reflective instantiation
Since this release you are able to reflectively instantiate definitions marked with the `@EnableReflectiveInstantation` annotation,
as well as its descendants.
Annotated classes and modules, having a concrete implementation, can be accessed via the provided `scalanative.reflect.Reflect` API.
If you have used Scala.js before, it may seem similar to you, as the new implementation uses exactly the same API.

Scala Native does not support full reflection support, although this feature might fix most of the issues that could occur
in users code.

```scala
package x.y.z

@EnableReflectiveInstantation
trait ReflectiveFoo {
  val value: String = "foo"
}

object SingleFoo extends ReflectiveFoo

case class MultipleFoo(times: Int) extends ReflectiveFoo {
  override val value: String = super.value * times
}

for {

>   cls  <- lookupInstantiatableClass("x.y.z.Foo")

Author: Actually it should be `MultipleFoo` since `ReflectiveFoo` is trait, but thanks but catching that one

* Triple-quoted `CString`'s are now correctly escaped,
* Identifiers starting with digits are now correctly handled,
* Fixed errors with too many open files after consecutive runs,
* Fixed crashes when HOME env variable was not set,
* Boehm GC installed using MacPorts is now supported,
* Fixed segmentation fault when trying to access current, unlinked directory,
* `malloc` will now throw `OutOfMemoryError` when it cannot allocate memory,
* `toCString` & `fromCString` now correctly return null,
* Fixed errors with not cleared `errno` when using POSIX `readdir`
* Array operation now throw JVM-compilant `ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException`,
* Fix bug with `BufferedInputStream.read()` for values bigger then 0x7f,
* `Files.walk` accepts non-directory files,
* Improved IEEE754 specification compliance when parsing strings,
* Fixed infinite loop in `java.io.RandomAccesFile.readLine`,
* Added multiple missing `javalib` classes and methods

## Contributors

Big thanks to everybody who contributed to this release or reported an issue!

```
$ git shortlog -sn --no-merges v0.4.0-M2..v0.4.0
    64	LeeTibbert

>     76	Wojciech Mazur

Author: Looks like a typo when updating manually, I've wanted to update 56 to 57 after merging PR today

    37	Eric K Richardson
    13	Kirill A. Korinsky
    10	Ergys Dona
     8	Lorenzo Gabriele
     3	Sébastien Doeraene
     3	Valdis Adamsons
     2	Denys Shabalin
     2	Ondra Pelech
     2	kerr
     1	Danny Lee
     1	Nadav Samet
     1	Richard Whaling

>      1	jokade

Reviewer 2: This list should probably be recomputed now, as a few PRs were merged since.

* Allowed for cross compilation using custom target triple
* Allowed reflective instantiation by using `@EnableReflectiveInstantiation` annotation,
* Added new Garbage Collector - Concurrent Mark and Parallel Sweep Garbage Collector, called Commix,
* Known bugs fixed

## Breaking changes
### Broken backward compatibility
With this major release we are forced to break backward compatibility with previous releases of Scala Native.
It means that any library published using version 0.4.0-M2 or older would not be compatible to use with Scala Native 0.4.x and afterwards.

### Removal of `java.time` / `java.text`
This release comes with removal of `java.time` and `java.text` packages for Scala Native core. This decision was taken
in order to allow for proper implementation of those modules in third-party library. It's specially important for classes
like `Locale` that are hard to maintain in Scala Native core repo.

Removal of mentioned modules does not create regression in other definitions as long as they're not using directly or transitively one of removed classes.
```scala
val str: String = "Hello Native"
str.toLowerCase()              // works as before

> str.toLowerCase(Locale.French) // fails while linking if not provided implementation

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
str.toLowerCase(Locale.French) // requires scala-java-locales to link
```

```

### `NativeConfig` replaces setting keys 

> The current spare set of `NativeX` setting keys is now deprecated in favor of single `NativeConfig` object.

Reviewer 2: "spare set" means "a set of things that we could spare, i.e., do without".
```suggestion
The `nativeXyz` setting keys are now deprecated in favor of a single `nativeConfig` setting, which can be used as follows:
```

```scala
// build.sbt
nativeConfig ~= {
  _.withMode(build.Mode.releaseFast)
   .withGC(build.GC.immix)
   .withLTO(build.LTO.full)
   .withOptimize(true)
   .withCompileOptions(Nil)
   .withLinkingOptions(Nil)
}
```

> Old style settings keys are still respected, but with lower priority than the new config and will be removed at some point in the future.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Old style settings keys are still supported, but they have lower priority than the new config and will be removed at some point in the future.
```

In the following example resulting `LTO` setting would be set to `thin`
```scala
nativeConfig := nativeConfig.value.withLTO(build.LTO.thin)

nativeLTO := "none"
```

> ### CFuncPtr syntax change

Reviewer 2: It's not about the syntax ;)
```suggestion
### CFuncPtr changes
```

You no longer need to implement the `CFuncPtrN` trait which is now private for Scala Native implementation.
Instead, you can use an implicit conversion method taking arbitrary `scala.FunctionN` and returning `CFuncPtrN`.

```scala
type Callback = CFuncPtr1[CInt,Unit]

> def registerCallback(cFn: Callback) = extern

Reviewer 2: This should have an explicit result type.

def fn(n: CInt): Unit = ???

registerCallback(CFuncPtr1.fromScalaFunction(fn))
registerCallback(fn)

> registerCallback{n: CInt => println("hello native")}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
registerCallback { (n: CInt) => println("hello native") }
```

```

It's now also possible to work with an arbitrary pointer and convert it to `CFuncPtrN` that can be called in your Scala code
or to convert your function to any pointer if your native library needs this.

```scala
import scala.scalanative.unsafe.Ptr
val cFnPtr: CFuncPtr0[CInt] = ???
val fnPtr: Ptr[Byte]    = CFuncPtr.toPtr(cFnPtr)

> val fnFromPtr:       = CFuncPtr.fromPtr[CFuncPtr0[CInt]](fnPtr)

Reviewer 2: There are weird spaces here, and the last one is missing its type.

```

### Other breaking changes:
* Sbt 0.13.x is no longer supported - upgrade to 1.1.6 or newer.
* The minimal version of Clang working with Scala Native is now 6.0
* `CSize` is now unsigned numeral type
* Usage of signed numeral types for methods expecting `CSize` was deprecated. 

## New features

### Supported Scala versions
We added support for Scala 2.12.13 and 2.13.4, in addition to the existing support for 2.11.12. 

> ### JUnit Native Plugin

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### JUnit Support
```

Scala Native now comes with JUnit support out of the box, this means that you can write tests in the same way you would do
for a Scala/JVM or Scala.js project. To enable JUnit tests all you will need to do is to add the two following lines to your `build.sbt`.

```scala
addCompilerPlugin("org.scala-native" % "junit-plugin" % SNVersion cross CrossVersion.full)
libraryDependencies += "org.scala-native" % "junit-runtime" %%% SNVersion % "test"
```

### Reflective instantiation
Since this release you are able to reflectively instantiate definitions marked with the `@EnableReflectiveInstantation` annotation.
It will also make all of its descendants able to be reflectively instantiated.
For definitions marked with this annotation Scala Native plugin would generate definitions of static class initializers
and invoke them just before the `main` method in your final program.
This step would register `LoadableModuleClass` and `InstantiableClass` instances for objects and classes accordingly allowing

> them to be accessed later via the provided `scalanative.reflect.Reflect` object methods in your code.

Reviewer 2: Those are implementation details, which do not concern users. The only thing that users need to know is to use the `scalanative.reflect.Reflect` API. The fact that we have class initializers or a registration step is not useful.

If you have used Scala.js before, it may seem similar to you, as the new implementation uses exactly the same API.

Scala Native does not support full reflection support, although this feature might fix most of the issues that could occur
in users code.

```scala
package x.y.z

> @EnableReflectiveInstantation
> sealed trait ReflectiveFoo {

Reviewer 2: Consider removing `sealed`, otherwise it suggests that this *only* works for sealed traits:
```suggestion
@EnableReflectiveInstantation
trait ReflectiveFoo {
```

  val value: String = "foo"
}

object SingleFoo extends ReflectiveFoo

case class MultipleFoo(times: Int) extends ReflectiveFoo {
  override val value: String = super.value * times
}

for {
  cls <- lookupInstantiatableClass("x.y.z.Foo")
  ctor <- cls.getConstructor(classOf[Int])
  obj <- ctor.newInstance(5)
} yield obj // results in Some(new MultipleFoo(5))

for {
  cls <- lookupLoadableModule("x.y.z.SingleFoo")

>   obj <- cls.loadModule

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  obj <- cls.loadModule()
```

} yield obj // results Some(SingleFoo)
```

### Cross compilation

> With the latest release you're able to define a custom target for compiler by providing [LLVM style TargetTriple](https://clang.llvm.org/docs/CrossCompilation.html) in your config.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It is now possible to define a custom target for the compiler by providing an [LLVM-style TargetTriple](https://clang.llvm.org/docs/CrossCompilation.html) in your config.
```

> This change does not change default behaviour of Scala Native sbt plugin, cousing to target host architecture and operating system.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The default behavior is still to target the host architecture and operating system.
```
(behaviour is British English, and we typically use US English)

> For example, if you're working on Linux and would like to create perfectly suited assembly for some specific version of MacOS without changing your whole build,
> you can use ad-hoc sbt setting:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example, if you're working on Linux and would like to create an executable suitable for MacOS without changing your whole build,
you can use the following sbt setting:
```

```bash
sbt 'set nativeConfig ~= {_.withTargetTriple("x86_64-apple-darwin<version>")}' myApp/nativeLink
```

We consider changing target triple as a feature for advanced users, and cannot promise it would currently work with any possible configuration yet.
However, the number of supported architectures and operating systems would definitely grow in the future.

> > When using Linux / MacOS you can check target triple used in your environment by command `llvm-config --host-target`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> When using Linux / MacOS, you can check the target triple used in your environment with the command `llvm-config --host-target`.
```

> ### Native sources in build

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Native sources in the build
```

With the 0.4.0 release you're able to put your C/C++ sources in the `resources/scala-native` directory inside your project,
so they will be linked and compiled inside the SN pipeline.

> As an example you can use it to access macro defined constants and functions or to pass `struct`s from the stack to C functions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As an example you can use it to access macro-defined constants and functions or to pass `struct`s from the stack to C functions.
```

```c
// src/resources/scala-native/example.c
typedef int (*Callback0) (void);

const int EXAMPLE_CONSTANT = 42;

int exec(Callback0 f) {
 return f();
};

```
```scala
// src/main/example.scala
@extern
object example {
 def exec(cb: CFuncPtr0[CInt]): ExecResult = extern

 @name("EXAMPLE_CONSTANT")
 final val someConstant: Int = extern
}
```

### Commix GC
This release also adds a new Garbage Collector - Commix, a parallel mark, and concurrent sweep GC, based on the well known Immix GC.

> It reduces GC pause times by utilizing additional processor cores during mark and sweep phases. It was added soon after
> the 0.4.0-M2 release, but was only available via an unofficial snapshot.

Reviewer 2: That last sentence is not really useful:
```suggestion
It reduces GC pause times by utilizing additional processor cores during mark and sweep phases.
```

> Remember, it **does not** mean Scala Native is starting to officially support multi-threading!

Reviewer 2: This sounds like oral speech. Consider:
```suggestion
While the GC itself will use multiple threads, Scala Native still does not support multi-threading in the application code.
```

> Commix GC was written in C and uses `pthread` to work. In case if your application needs concurrency support you may try experimental library [scala-native-loop](https://github.com/scala-native/scala-native-loop)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Commix GC was written in C and uses `pthread` to work. In case your application needs concurrency support, you may try the experimental library [scala-native-loop](https://github.com/scala-native/scala-native-loop)
```

## Bugfixes
* Failures during the build of multiple parallel projects using common jar were fixed,
* Lowered overall memory usage when compiling and linking,
* Value classes are now correctly handled in lambda functions,

> * `synchronized` flag in now taken into account when generating methods,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The `synchronized` flag in now taken into account when generating methods,
```

* Constructors are no longer treated are virtual methods, they're always resolved statically,
* Generic `CFuncPtr` can be passed as method arguments,

> * Binary operations will no longer with `Nothing` arguments will no longer break compilation,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Binary operations with `Nothing` arguments will no longer break compilation,
```

* Resolving of public method no longer can result in private method with the same name,

> * Instances of `java.lang.Class` are now cached can be correctly tested using reference equality,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Instances of `java.lang.Class` are now cached and can be correctly tested using reference equality,
```

# 0.4.0 (Jan 14, 2021)

> We are happy to announce the next major release of Scala Native!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We are happy to announce release of Scala Native 0.4.0!
```
"the next release" doesn't make much sense, because as soon as we announcing, it's not "next" anymore, it's "current". ;)

Release 0.4.0 brings many changes to Scala Native ecosystem, let's take a look at few of them. 

## Compiler changes
### Supported Scala version
The most important change introduced by this release is support for recent Scala versions, that means you're able to work
with the most recent versions of Scala 2 available at the moment of release - 2.12.12 and 2.13.4. 

> Scala 2.11 is still support, what more it was enhanced by multiple features, i.e. handling of java default methods.

Reviewer 2: Consider writing this in a more direct style, more to the point. For example:

> We added support for Scala 2.12.13 and 2.13.4, in addition to the existing support for 2.11.12.

(the Java default methods thing is fairly internal to our javalib, so users won't really see that)

### JUnit Native Plugin

> Scala Native now comes with JUnit support out of the box, this means that you can write tests in the same way you would do for a Java project.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Scala Native now comes with JUnit support out of the box, this means that you can write tests in the same way you would do for a Scala/JVM or Scala.js project.
```

To enable JUnit tests all you will need to do is to add the two following lines to your `build.sbt`.

```scala

> addCompilerPlugin("org.scala-native" % "junit-plugin" % SNVersion cross CrossVersion.full)

Reviewer 2: They will also need to depend on the library component (`junit-runtime`).

```

> ### NIR changes

Reviewer 2: NIR changes means nothing to most users. There are two pieces of important information:
1. This release is not binary compatible with previous releases. That should be the very first piece of information the Breaking changes section, or even in the intro.
2. There are some user-visible bugs that have been fixed. We should talk about the user-visible stuff in the Bug fixes section.

With this major release we're forced to break backward compatibility with previous versions of SN. 
It means also means that any library published using version 0.4.0-M2 or older would not be compatible to use now.

We also have managed to fix multiple Native Intermiediete Representation related bugs, i.e the way Strings and Characters 
were stored or adding class literal allowing us to handle proper caching of `java.lang.Class` instances. 
Moreover, we are now collecting source code positions in NIR instructions, allowing us to add first class debug support in following releases.

> ### Reflective instantiation

Reviewer 2: We should mention somewhere in this section the API is exactly equivalent to what Scala.js has.

For definitions marked with this annotation Scala Native plugin would generate definitions of static class initializers 
and invoke them just before the `main` method in your final program. 
This step would register `LoadableModuleClass` and `InstantiableClass` instances for objects and classes accordingly allowing 
them to be accessed later via the provided `scalanative.reflect.Reflect` object methods in your code.

Scala Native does not support full reflection support, although this feature might fix most of the issues that could occour 
in users code.

```scala
package x.y.z

@EnableReflectiveInstantation
sealed trait ReflectiveFoo {
  val value: String = "foo"
}

object SingleFoo extends ReflectiveFoo

case class MultipleFoo(times: Int) extends ReflectiveFoo {
  override val value: String = super.value * times
}

for {
  cls <- lookupInstantiatableClass("x.y.z.Foo")
  ctor <- cls.getConstructor(classOf[Int])
  obj <- ctor.newInstance(5)
} yield obj // results in Some(new MultipleFoo(5))

for {
  cls <- lookupLoadableModule("x.y.z.SingleFoo")
  obj <- cls.loadModule
} yield obj // results Some(SingleFoo)

```

### Other

> Multiple name mangling and runtime errors have been fixed. For more details check list of merged PRs

Reviewer 2: This could be a bullet in a "Bug fixes" section.

## Sbt plugin changes
### Native Config

> We've decided to deprecate the current spare set of `NativeX` setting keys with single `NativeConfig` object. 

Reviewer 2: The formulation "We've decided" is weird in the context of a changelog. Stick to simple forms like "We deprecated [...]." or "[...] is/are now deprecated."

```bash
sbt 'set nativeConfig ~= {_.withTargetTriple("x86_64-apple-darwin<version>")}' myApp/nativeLink
```

We consider changing target triple as a feature for advanced users, and cannot promise it would currently work with any possible configuration yet.
However, the number of supported architectures and operating systems would definitely grow in the future.

> When using Linux / MacOS you can check target triple used in your environment by command `llvm-config --host-target`.

### Native sources in build
With the 0.4.0 release you're able to put your C/C++ sources in the `resources/scala-native` directory inside your project,
so they will be linked and compiled inside the SN pipeline.

As an example you can use it to access macro defined constants and functions or to pass `struct`s from the stack to C functions.
```c
// src/resources/scala-native/example.c
typedef int (*Callback0) (void);

const int EXAMPLE_CONSTANT = 42;

int exec(Callback0 f) {
 return f();
};

```
```scala
// src/main/example.scala
@extern
object example {
 def exec(cb: CFuncPtr0[CInt]): ExecResult = extern

 @name("EXAMPLE_CONSTANT")
 final val someConstant: Int = extern
}
```

### Other

> * We've decided to no longer support sbt 0.13.x version - if your build still uses this legacy version you need to upgrade to version  1.1.6 or newer.

Reviewer 2: This should be prominent as part of Breaking changes.

* Failures during the build of multiple projects using common jar were fixed. 
* The minimal version of Clang working with Scala Native is now 6.0
* You can also observe lower overall memory usage when compiling and linking.

## Native lib and unsafe package changes

> ### CFuncPtr changes

Reviewer 2: This should come first, along with other obviously breaking changes.

In general, the changelog should be structured along:

* Breaking changes
* New features
* Bug fixes

The categorizations along compiler/sbt-plugin/library are secondary to that.

Reviewer 2: Also, the `CFuncPtr` changes are truly *language* changes at the core. They happened to be accompanied by library changes to support the language changes.

Remember, it **does not** mean Scala Native is starting to officially support multi-threading!
Commix GC was written in C and uses `pthread` to work. In case if your application needs concurrency support you may try experimental library [scala-native-loop](https://github.com/scala-native/scala-native-loop)

## Java standard library changes
### Removal of java.time / java.text
This release comes with removal of `java.time` and `java.text` packages for Scala Native core. This decision was taken
in order to allow for proper implementation of those modules in third-party library. It's specially important for classes
like `Locale` that are hard to maintain in Scala Native core repo.

Removal of mentioned modules does not create regression in other definitions as long as they're not using directly or transitively one of removed classes.
```scala
val str: String = "Hello Native"
str.toLowerCase()              // works as before
str.toLowerCase(Locale.French) // fails while linking if not provided implementation
```
  

### Unicode specification
We have updated our `java.lang.String` and `java.lang.Character` to be compatible with Unicode 13.0.0 specification,

> allowing us to replace relatively old standard 6.3.0 used in JDK 8

Reviewer 2: We did not do that yes. We're still in 6.3.0 so far. We'll eventually do it but it will be in a future 0.4.x version.

Author: I've removed this part

Additionally we've implemented missing handling of `java.lang.String.to{Lower, Upper}Case` methods for 

> special and language specific casing rules. Further one requires linking implementation for `Locale`. 

Reviewer 2: There's a whole host a new methods and classes that have appeared in the javalib. Either we should exhaustively list them, or just mention them as a whole, but we shouldn't single out `to{Lower,Upper}Case`.

Author: I've replaced it with mention of adding multiple missing javalib definitions as part of bugfixes

## Summary
<table>
<tbody>
  <tr>
    <td>Merged PRs</td>
    <td align="center">204</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Closed issues</td>
    <td align="center">201</td>
  </tr>
    <tr>
    <td>Contributors</td>
    <td align="center">15</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
</tbody>
</table>

[Full Changelog](https://github.com/scala-native/scala-native/compare/v0.4.0-M2...v0.4.0)

Scala Native is an optimizing ahead-of-time compiler and lightweight managed runtime designed specifically for Scala. 
It is developed at the [Scala Center](https://scala.epfl.ch/) and with the help from [VirtusLab](https://virtuslab.com)

> along with contributors from the community.

Reviewer 2: Looks like this should be at the very top, not down here.

> ## TL;DR

Reviewer 2: A tl;dr should be at the very top of the release notes.
